feature(main): doc: add docker images for sealos (#1667)
labring/sealos: docs/4.0/docs/design/rootfs-docker.md

LABEL check="check.sh \$registryData"
LABEL init-registry="init-registry.sh \$registryData \$registryConfig"
LABEL clean-registry="clean-registry.sh \$registryData \$registryConfig"
LABEL auth="auth.sh \$registryDomain \$registryPort \$registryUsername \$registryPassword"
LABEL sealos.io.type="rootfs"
ENV criData=/var/lib/docker
ENV criDockerdData=/var/lib/cri-dockerd
ENV registryData=/var/lib/registry
ENV registryConfig=/etc/registry
ENV registryDomain=sealos.hub
ENV registryPort=5000
ENV registryUsername=admin
ENV registryPassword=passw0rd
COPY . .
```

`sealos build -t kubernetes-docker:v1.23.10 .` 

- Support environment variable rendering
  - criData Defaults  /var/lib/docker
  - criDockerdData Defaults /var/lib/cri-dockerd
  - registryData Defaults  /var/lib/registry
  - registryConfig Defaults /etc/registry
  - registryDomain Defaults sealos.hub
  - registryPort Defaults 5000
  - registryUsername Defaults admin
  - registryPassword Defaults passw0rd

- sealos Minimum supported version 4.1.0+

#### How to solve problems with docker

- In fact, kubernetes has always been compatible with the cri interface, in order for users to use the docker-compatible interface.

> - 1.24 started kubernetes to remove the implementation of dockershim, which is undoubtedly a correct choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Since 1.24, kubernetes has removed the implementation of dockershim, which is undoubtedly a correct choice.
```

- In order to solve the problem of privatized docker or containerd images, image-cri-shim uses cri to implement the image module. In order to unify docker images, cri-dockerd is introduced to use cri to connect to docker.

> - The container module of kubelet is connected to cri-dockerd, and the image module is unified to image-cri-shim

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The container module of kubelet is connected to cri-dockerd, and the image module is unified to image-cri-shim.
```

> - The configuration of crictl is the same as that of kubelet. Since kubeadm images pull needs to use crictl pull image and there is no authentication, it is necessary to adjust image-cri-shim to pass cri authentication docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The configuration of crictl is the same as kubelet. Since kubeadm images pull needs to use crictl pull image and there is no authentication, it is necessary to adjust image-cri-shim to pass cri authentication to docker.
```
